[native] Add Linux Memory Manager (#22997)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/features.rst

If the time period exceeds the parameter value, the request is rejected as
authentication failure (HTTP 401).

LinuxMemoryChecker
--------------------

> The LinuxMemoryChecker can be enabled by turning the option `PRESTO_ENABLE_LINUX_MEMORY_CHECKER` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the LinuxMemoryChecker by setting ``PRESTO_ENABLE_LINUX_MEMORY_CHECKER`` 
```
Suggest change to active voice.

to ON in presto-native-execution/CMakeLists.txt.

> The LinuxMemoryChecker extends from PeriodicMemoryChecker and is used to periodically check 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LinuxMemoryChecker extends from PeriodicMemoryChecker and periodically checks 
```

If the time period exceeds the parameter value, the request is rejected as
authentication failure (HTTP 401).

LinuxMemoryChecker
------------------

Enable the LinuxMemoryChecker by setting ``PRESTO_ENABLE_LINUX_MEMORY_CHECKER=ON`` 

> to ON in presto-native-execution/CMakeLists.txt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ``ON`` in presto-native-execution/CMakeLists.txt.
```
Format suggestion for consistency with your formatting of the same text in properties.rst.
